He told me that he was about to give a student a zero for his answer to a physics question, but the student protested that it wasn't fair.
他告诉我，他要就一个学生给物理题做的答案判零分，可那个学生抗议说这不公平。

LVM allows you to create logical volumes out of the physical storage resources on your machine.
LVM可以让您在除机器上的物理存储资源以外创建逻辑卷。

The physical concept of those formulas is definitude . The formula can be used as a reference for the design of engineering.
该公式计算简单，物理概念明确，可为工程设计提供参考。

Our study shows that different physical observers will necessarily agree on the chaotic nature of the system.
“我们的研究表明不同的物理学观测者将会必然同意宇宙的混沌属性”。

But she said that "nothing - except maybe the physical structure of the building - was quite the same" .
但她说，“或许除了这些楼宇的物理结构，没什么相同的地方了。”

Jenny said that Mr. Liu would teach us physics the next year and that he would have been teaching physics for forty years by the next day.
珍妮说刘先生第二年将教我们物理，而到次日他教物理就已有四十年了。动作到那时仍将继续。

The girl is so interested in the physical world that she will no doubt be a great scientist.
那个女孩对物理世界非常感兴趣，毋庸置疑她将成为一个伟大的科学家。

And standards do not solve everything: RFID, like any other technology, is subject to the laws of physics.
同时，标准也不是能解决所有的事情——像其他技术一样，RFID也受到物理学的制约。

Physics tends to be dictated by fad and fashion. There are the gurus who dictate the direction in which new ideas grow.
物理学往往是直接与流行时尚挂钩。专家决定新思想的发展方向。

Monte Carlo methods have been used for decades in physics, engineering, statistics, and other fields.
蒙特卡罗方法已用于物理数十年来，工程，统计等领域。

All this weighed heavily on the company, so that it was not able to exploit its size and geographical reach as well as it should have done.
所有这些都给公司增加了沉重的负担，以致公司不能像原来那样利用其规模和地理上的优势。

Journey can take place in more than just a geographical dimension. Many of the journeys of Harry Potter are journeys of the mind.
旅程可以发生在地理空间，也可以发生在心田之中。哈利波特的许多旅程，属于心灵之旅。

And at least one parrot figured out something close to the mathematical concept of zero.
至少已经有一只鹦鹉能够理解一些与“0”相近的数学概念。

Although it is no longer used for everyday speech in the world today, it is the official language of the Roman Catholic Church.
虽然世界各地再不用它作日常应用，它仍是罗马天主教的官式语文。

Investigations by the ISPR captured on film what appeared to be the spirits of a maintenance man and a waiter opening the doors.
国际超自然研究协会捕获在影片上的调查结果显示，似乎那是一个维修员和一个服务生的灵魂在开那些门。

The marketing coordinator was concerned about what the chemicals leaching out of some common types of plastic might be doing to her body.
市场调查员关注的是化学品浸泡过的一些普通种类的塑料制品对身体的影响。

The Hunan-Jiangsi border region geography is intricate. During the Ming and Qing Dynasties, the area is often in severe social unrest.
湘赣边区地理环境错综复杂，明清时期，该区域处于频繁剧烈的社会动荡之中。

why are you straring at me ? you know what i am trying to say ? to me , you are not only a low life , scum-sucking maggot !
你知道我在说什么么？对于我来书，你只是个地等生物，吃屎的蛆！

As is often true in algorithm analysis, the devil is in the mathematical details.
和通常算法分析一样，最麻烦的部分是数学细节。

The Chinese teacher asked her to leave out the unnecessary words and sentences.
语文老师要求她删除作文里面那些赘余的语句。

From here on, at the beginning of eVery abundance Chinese class, we'll ask some first to do the oral composition.
从目前开端，在每堂语文课上课之始，咱们请校友们做口头字词作品。

For in spite of her tender years and evident delicate health, she had an air of natural distinction.
虽然年纪小，身子骨也纤弱，她却有一种很特别的自然美。

Unlike the Serpent, whose imagination had acted through his traditions until he was ready to perceive an artificial in a natural stillness.
蛇王由于受了传闻的影响；有些疑神疑鬼，把自然的寂静当成了人为的噤声屏息。

Naturally, it would help if the Olympics did not cannibalise too much of the lottery funding for grass-roots sport.
自然，如果奥运会没有占用太多原本用于全民体育健身的彩票基金的话，应该会有所帮助。

Despite having rekindled this other love, Hoffmann has no regrets about choosing chemistry as a young man.
尽管已经点燃了从前的爱好，霍夫曼对于年轻时选择化学也廖无遗憾。

Now that have such a good chance, you might as well take advantage of it to improve your oral English.
既然有了这样的机会，你不妨好好利用，来提高你的英语口语。

It sounds like the sort of constitutional fine-tuning to be expected in a young democracy.
这听起来似乎是一个幼稚的民主政治中的体制的微调。

RIM maintains that the geographic location of a server has no bearing on a government's ability to crack encrypted data.
而RIM则坚持说服务器的地理位置对政府破解加密信息的能力没有影响。

As it is a remote place with unusually charming scenery and few inhabitants, it is often called the "wonderland on earth" .
因为九寨沟地理位置偏僻，景色不同寻常美丽，并且人烟稀少，九寨沟被称为“神奇的土地”。

Theobromine, like caffeine, and also like the asthma drug theophylline, belong to the chemical group known as xanthine alkaloids.
可可碱与咖啡因、茶碱（哮喘药）一样，属于黄嘌呤生物碱家族。

Mathematics went well, but still, in reaction perhaps to the main trend of my course, I began to look to writing.
数学倒是很合我的口味，但也许是出于对主科的逆反心理吧，我开始喜欢起写作来了。

I remember you told me once that you were not good at Maths, but you always helped me with my sums and graphs.
我记得你曾经对我说你不擅长数学，但你总是帮我，我总结和图表。你总是所有的问题解释清楚。我不知道你们是怎么了。

As a natural continuation and complement of the classroom teaching, homework did not receive enough attention .
语文作业作为课堂教学的自然延续和补充，却没有得到教师应有的重视。

Class did not listen, do not learn the next lesson, led me to a language test on the faint, the score is naturally the last first class.
课堂不听，课下不学，导致我一考语文就发晕，分数自然是全班倒数第一。

In the daytime, natural light needs to be diffused as well, especially when it shines directly into a room.
白天，自然光也需要散射，尤其是当它直接射入房间时。

You compare her with your English women who wolf down from three to five meat meals a day, and naturally you find her a sylph.
你们英国女人每天狼吞虎咽地吃上三五餐肉食，你拿她来同你们相比，自然觉得她是个窈窕仙女了。

one should learn the writing of poems merely as a way to record a meaningful moment, a personal mood, or to help the enjoyment of Nature.
一个人学会写诗，其目的应该仅在描写一个有意义的时刻，描写一种私人的心情，或增加享受大自然的乐趣。

The African elephant is the largest living land mammal. It has no natural enemies for there are none large enough to challenge it.
非洲象是居住在陆地上的最大的哺乳动物。它没有自然天敌，因为没有什么东西能大到对它构。

When the system maintains its equilibrium, constant K of the equilibrium can be obtained by means of chemical isotherm formulas.
当体系处于平衡时，应用化学等温式就可求算平衡常数K。

On the supply side, there was an army of well trained, English-speaking engineers demanding only a fraction of a Western salary.
在供给方面，接受良好教育、英语过硬的印度人只希望得到西方人工资的一小部分。

There is no doubt that English language skills will be important for your future career prospects.
毫无疑问，英语能力对于你未来的事业发展将是非常重要的。

As the colonies gained independence, English continued to be used alongside the vernaculars .
当殖民地赢得独立，英语随着本地语一起继续被使用。

Those who survived on the land that remains above water will find what was once East is now North and close to the equator.
在澳大利亚高于海面的陆地上幸存下来的人们将会发现，，曾经的东方是现在的北方，并且地理位置上靠近了赤道。

Fourth, focus on the delicate nature of the Regent. The Regent inevitably came into political conflict sand power struggles.
在多重权力博弈中的摄政难免陷入各种政治冲突和权力斗争中。

Meanwhile, Barack Obama's degrees from prestigious universities were, to his critics, evidence of his unfitness for office.
与此同时，巴拉克·奥巴马名牌大学的出身成了政治对手攻讦的把柄，成了他不适合主政的证据。

It applied rigorous analysis and mathematical methodology to the practice of marketing, something that had never been done before.
该书将严密的分析和数学方法运用于营销实践，在许多方面进行了创新。

You may have some difficulty working out the maths problems. If so, do not hesitate to ask your teacher for help.
你演算这些数学题可能遇到困难。如果真是如此，那你就要毫不迟疑地请老师帮忙。

mathematical data analysis, to import specially formatted data files or to automatically produce complete documentation s.
数学数据分析，导入特定数据格式或者自动产生完整的说明。

Shelly had prepared carefully for her biology examination so that she could be sure of passing it on her first attempt.
雪莉对生物考试准备得很认真，因此她有信心一次就通过。

The capacity that some creatures have to damage or drain ability scores is a supernatural one, requiring some sort of attack.
生物拥有的属性伤害或属性吸取能力是超自然能力，需要进行某种形式的攻击。

However, the actual teaching, " Chinese Reading " is often an awkward situation.
可是，在实际的教学中，《语文读本》往往处于一种尴尬的境地。

She said Miss GAO , her Chinese teacher, told them to write a solicit article "My Father" that evening. But she did not know what to write.
他说语文老师高老师叫他们晚上写一篇以我的父亲为题的记叙文，但他不知道写些什么。

The capacity that some creatures have to damage or drain ability scores is a supernatural one, requiring some sort of attack.
生物拥有的属性伤害或属性吸取能力是超自然能力，需要进行某种形式的攻击。

Mother Nature is not the only one who plays tricks on people; you can see another kind of fool in the drawings on this page.
自然之母并不是唯一会捉弄人类的人，你在这张图上可以看到另一个例子。

Liquid ammonia, mainly used as refrigerant or to make Ammonium and nitrogen, is an important yet dangerous chemical.
液氨主要用作制冷剂及用于制取铵盐和氮肥，是化学工业中一种重要的、存在危险性的化学品。

Over the graduation ceremony of the word string, to help you master English translation ah!
以上的毕业典礼串词，请各位英语高手帮忙翻译啊！

Microsoft recommends that you put MS DTC in its own group with its own physical disk resource, if it is possible.
Microsoft建议尽可能将MSDTC放在自己的组和自己的物理磁盘资源中。

Indeed, the book gives a strong sense of the confidence of the technocratic elite in India's performance and prospects.
事实上，这本书让人强烈感觉到，专家型政治精英们对印度经济现状和前景充满了信心。

Pavlof's location means that the extra weight of the adjacent sea could be squeezing magma towards the surface.
巴普洛夫火山的地理位置也说明了附近海域多余水分增加的重量也会对岩浆表面形成挤压。

Since you sound a bit unsure, I'd suggest taking bout math and English classes your first semester to see which you enjoy more.
既然你听起来有点不确定，我建议你第一学期数学和英语两门课都上，看看哪个你更喜欢。

When economists are faced with analysing this sort of decision, they reach for a branch of mathematics called game theory.
经济学家分析此类问题的时候，运用上了一种称为游戏理论的数学分支。

This paper discusses that mathes are applied increasingly in information research as the base of every subject.
数学作为各个学科的基础，在情报研究中越来越得到广泛的应用。

In the new metaphor the whole planet and everything living and inert on it behaves "as if" it were a living organism.
在这个新的映像中，整个星球以及一切生物都嵌入其中，表现出“似”是一个活的机体。

Language has never been a pure "tool" but a meaningful world which reflects peoples world outlook and values.
语文从来就不是一个纯粹的“工具”，而是一个包含着世界观和价值观的意义世界。

My Chinese teacher is a ordinary-looking man, short and slim, with two big eyes and a pair of glasses.
我的语文老师是个样貌平平的男人，身材矮小，他长着两只大眼睛，带着一副眼镜。

The court argued that "incremental innovation" did not qualify it as a new chemical entity justifying protection.
印度法庭判决，“渐进式创新”不足以证明该药属于应该受到保护的新化学品。

They're promising to trace any other products that might have been tainted by the toxic chemical.
他们承诺查处任何可能受这种有毒化学品污染的其他产品。

It's good of you to help me with my English.
你能帮我学英语，真。

How much does it cost for a dinner?
英语译一顿饭多少钱？

Elvis Presley won many awards from nations all over the world, yet he did not record in any language other than English.
猫王普雷斯利曾获得世界上许多国家的奖项，但是他没有灌录过除英语以外其他语言的唱片。

As a classical experiment, Newton ring experiment is usually used in measuring the radius of curvature of a lens.
牛顿环实验是大学物理实验中的一个基本实验，目前的实验只是用于测透镜曲率半径。

The physical media most commonly used to implement CAN networks is a differentially driven pair of wired with common return.
最一般使用执行能物理的媒介网络是用共同返回开车有线的双的一有差别。

Crisis jeopardizes national politics and economy in the matter of its outburst, graveness, influence and aftereffect .
危机由于其突发性、严重性、影响性和余波性，对于国家政治、经济危害极大。

The problem with him was that he was willing to sacrifice principles too easily for political advantage.
他的问题是他愿意为了政治利益而如此轻易地牺牲原则。

He said Huawei aims to be a transparent and politically neutral company: 'We are not a government owned company. . .
余承东说，华为的目标是成为一个业务透明、政治中立的企业。

A second factor which made the Western Church prosperous was a new political stability and safety which had come to Europe.
第二个使西方教会繁荣兴旺的因素，是来到欧洲的一种新的政治稳定和安全。

The enormous potential tourism market and favorable location conditions in Guilin make it a basis to develop Osmanthus tourism.
桂林地理交通条件优越，旅游市场潜力巨大，具备良好的桂花旅游开发基础。

Yangzhou had its special location and literary atmosphere and it was one of the economical centers during Qianlong Dynasty.
扬州拥有得天独厚的地理位置和人文环境，在乾隆年间极为繁盛，是当时的经济中心之一。

A pickup truck arrives on the beach, and a young commercial fisherman begins throwing the ancient creatures into the back of it.
一辆顺路而过的卡车到达了沙滩，一个年轻的商业渔人开始将这些古老的生物扔向它的后面。

In vitro biological assays have also been used in the research, standardisation and quality control of traditional medicines.
试管内生物分析则已经被应用于传统药物研究、标准化和质量管理。

The succession of life in the geological record did not correspond to the acts of the six days of creation.
地质记录中的生物继替和六天创造的活动不相符合。

None of the children in his literature class died in the quake.
当时在他的语文课上的学生们没有一个在地震中丧生。

For this reason it is often convenient to overlay the geochemical map with a geological map transparency.
由于这个缘故，最好用透明的地质图蒙在地球化学图上。

Therefore, the surface of the wall, surface chemical properties and heat treatment performance also needs to be in the appropriate level.
因此，纸张表面的光滑度、表面化学性能及热处理性能等也必须掌握在合适的水平。

Do not use spot washer, steel brush, detergent or any other chemical agent to clean it; otherwise, the surface might be scared and damaged.
切勿使用菜瓜布、钢刷、溶剂或其它化学物质以避免刮伤及破坏表面。

After a brief, significant pause, "But he talks as good English as you or me, " said he.
他意味深长地停了一下接着说：“可是他的英语说得跟你、我一样好。”

S. has been one of isolation and frustration. Torrington has no other foreign students, and little in the way of English-language help.
托灵顿校区只有他们是国外留学生，而且这对他们的英语学习帮助也不大。

In light of my personal teaching practice, learning disabilities turn out to be a widespread problem in high school physics teaching.
学习困难也是高中物理教学中学生所面临的一个普遍的问题，本人在教学过程中深有体会。

I knew you loved me, of course. It was written in your eyes when you looked at me, a physics problem with no clear answer.
当然我知道你爱我，从你的眼神里我看得出来，这是无法用物理解释的。

Directional solidification process is an important part that of the physical metallurgy of solar energy polysilicon.
定向凝固工艺是物理冶金法制备太阳能级多晶硅的一个重要环节。

Russian laws on extremism and 'petty hooliganism' have been used to limit political speech and personal attacks against Mr. Putin.
俄罗斯有关极端行为和“轻微流氓行为”的法律曾被用来压制政治言论和针对普京的人身攻击。

The publicity is in striking contrast to the many lawyers who have been quietly rounded up in a recent political crackdown.
与本次审理事件形成鲜明对比的是，在最近的政治打压中许多律师沉寂无声。

It was a pleasure dealing with them because they know the photographic industry well and how much they expect to pay for images.
与国家地理合作很愉快，因为他们了解摄影行业，并且对摄影师的报酬有合理预估。

This makes it easy to see that biology sources are most heavily cited, which is unsurprising.
这使得其很容易的看到最多引用的生物物种，这并不令人吃惊。

I cannot explain it scientifically, but if I explain it chemically, it is classified as a congenital love and an acquired love.
我无法科学地解释爱情，但从化学角度上解释，应该分为先天和后天性爱情。

Leading authorities agree that this new data is going to shatter many of the myths about aging and physical performance.
领导机关同意，这个新的数据将打破神话的许多有关老龄化和物理性能。

The renowned astrophysicist said he fears mankind is in great danger and its future "must be in space" if it is to survive.
天体物理学家说，他为人们处在危险的环境中担心，未来“一定在太空”中才能生存。

The salient issue, says study co-author Fred Turek, may be the disruption of the body's internal clock, known as the circadian rhythm.
该项研究的共同合作者弗雷德·托莱克说，身体生物钟受到扰乱可能是一个突出的问题。

They used to use a plastic packaging buffer, but we were able to give them the exact same physical performance with our grown material.
过去它们使用的是一种塑料缓冲包装，不过用我们的材料可以提供与这些塑料一样的物理性能。

A graduate of London University with a degree in philosophy, he teaches physics at a secondary school in London.
一伦敦大学与一专业的学位哲学一起的毕业生，他教在在伦敦内的一所中学的物理学。

He thought the general laws of mathematical research, the treasure house of human thought the special contribution.
他认为，一般的规律的数学研究的宝库人类思想的特殊贡献。

But Mau did not operate on latitude, longitude, angles, or mathematical calculations of any kind.
但是毛驾船并不靠纬度、经度、角度，也不靠任何数学计算。

He was a brilliant mathematician; he was one of the inventers of Calculus.
他也是一位杰出的数学家；，微积分的发明者之一。

Lately I've found myself doing a new sort of math on the cost of owning a home and whether my financial and life priorities are adding up.
最近，我发现自己在做新的数学题，主要是在衡量拥有一间房子的成本以及我的财务、生活重点是否合理。

Their math skills are much higher. Their English reading comprehension is comparable to that of my students here.
他们的数学水平比美国学生高得多，而英语阅读能力也和我在美国的学生们有得一拼。

The scientists do not fully understand how supplements may trigger early death, but they may interfere with the body's natural defences.
科学家尚不完全清楚维生素制剂导致过早死亡的原因，但这些制剂会妨碍人体的自然抵抗力。

You do not need some natural gift beyond that of a normal human brain to do it.
作数学题并不需要什么天赋的超出正常人的大脑。

According to Saturno, the writing looks like someone's attempt to sort out a very long math problem, as if on a blackboard.
萨图诺表示，书写痕迹看起来像是有人试图在黑板上整理出很长的数学问题。

You don&#39; t need to be a mathematician to see that this patchwork coverage puts everyone at risk.
你不需要是一个数学家见到这一个凑合物报导使每个人处于危险中。

We all had a natural chemistry and what came out of a lot of gigs, rehearsals, Tsingtao and shared Uyghur meals was 'Chinese blues. '
我们身上都有一种自然的默契，而一次次的演出和排练、一瓶瓶的青岛啤酒还有一顿顿的维吾尔族餐所蕴育出的就是“中国蓝调”。

Because her goals were clear, Yi Hong was the only one with purpose among all the directionless kids, so she naturally became their leader.
因为她目标明确，在一大堆毫无主见的孩子中，只有她能坚持，自然就成为娃娃头。

It's an advance that means living cells could be persuaded to make proteins with properties that have never been seen in the natural world.
这是很大的一个提升，意味着活细胞如今能够利用自然界中前所未有的方式来合成蛋白质。

For such a step to be firm, one would have to understand the basic concepts of mechanics and their mathematical expressions.
为使这一步坚实，必须理解力学的基本概念，以及它们的数学表达形式。

He was one of the greatest mathematicians of his time.
他是一位伟大的数学家。

Under no circumstance should Chinese teaching be separated from affection, with which Chinese is just like Chinese.
语文教学中充盈着情感，须臾离不开情感，有了情感，语文才更像语文。

Even so, there was no way that Governor Spitzer's political career could survive the exposure of his secret life.
即便如此，当其私人生活公诸于众时，斯皮策州长就无法保住他的政治生涯了。

The main significance of the work is not to attempt to generate gametes for couples who do not produce them naturally.
这项研究工作的主要意义并不在于试图为无法自然孕育下一代的夫妻产生配子。

There will be much pain, when you will all realize how much useless suffering you, your loved ones and Mother Earth have gone through.
当你们知道有多少受难在你、你亲爱的人和地球母亲身上无用的（译：过去黑暗势力不自然加诸的事物）将带来许多苦楚。

Single curved Glass would distort nature, how much more would a pair of them?
如果单一的曲面镜会歪曲自然，那么一对曲面镜对自然的歪曲又会多大呢？

It seemed as if nature had also seized the moment to assume her mildest and most captivating form.
大自然似乎也抓紧这一时刻，来表现一下自己那最最温柔、最最迷人的姿态。

Thank you for the great trouble you have taken to help me with my English.
谢谢你不辞辛劳的帮助我学习英语。

The only way out of predicament is to readjust its orientation and deepen course reform.
对大学语文教育重新进行审视，合理定位，并深入开展课程自身的改革，是摆脱困境的唯一途径。

Citing court documents, lawyers said the person who masterminded her slaying was a political figure living inside Russia.
根据援引的法庭文献，律师团称谋杀策划者为一名在俄罗斯活动的政治人物。

If the politician hadn't gotten angry and lost his head, he never would have slandered his opponent.
如果那个政治家不是生气并且失去控制的话，他是决不会诽谤他的反对者的。

I am afraid that the concept of scientific development and become nothing more than another political slogan will not be able to implement.
而科学发展观恐怕仍将沦为另一个政治口号无法落实。

Although wolf hybrids can occur naturally in the wild, this happens very infrequently due to the territorial nature of the wolf.
虽然狼混血儿能自然地在荒野中生存，但是这很少发生在野外的狼的领土。

For a one year English course and one year foundation course , how much fund is necessary for visa purpose ?
一年的英语课程和一年的预备课程，大约需要多少资金证明来签证？。

So that I know you read this entire post PM me with replies with the word "ATTN" included in a proper english sentence.
这样我才知道你读了整篇文章下午与用“联系人”包括我在内的答复在适当的英语句子。

That she reads English aloud every morning helps her a lot in the improvement of her English study .
她每天早晨朗读英文对提高她的英语学习起了很大的作用。

Even though she had been studying English for a long time before she came to Australia, it is still difficult for her to express herself.
尽管她在来澳洲前已经学了很长一段时间的英语，但她还是很难将自己的想法表述清楚。

The experiment shows that the model definition framework is effective, universal and easy to operate.
实验结果验证了地理模型定义文档框架的有效性、通用性、易操作性。

Mankind was no longer the culmination of life but merely part of it; creation was mechanistic and purposeless.
人类不再是生命的顶点，而仅仅是她的一部分；生物是机械的、无目的的。

The formulation of a mathematical model of a structure first requires the idealization of the structure into a mechanical model.
欲建立结构物数学模型，首先要求将结构物理想为一个力学模型。

As a result of what is now know in physics and chemistry, scientists have been able to make important discoveries in biology and medicine.
由于当今对物理和化学知识的认识，科学家们可以在生物和医药方面有更重大的发现。

Her favorite class was Dari, the local language, before she was made to drop out of school.
在家人代她退学之前，她最喜欢的科目是当地的语言达里语的语文。

You think Michael's going to speak English better than I? Yeah Right! He can't catch up with me in just a year.
你认为麦克尔的英语会比我的强，是啊（表示不可能），他不可能在一年内赶上我。

The OED tells me that this word comes from ancient Greek where Nemesis was a goddess.
《牛津英语词典》（OED）告诉我说，这个单词来自古希腊语，Nemesis是指复仇女神。

Of course, it's not enough at all, and I'm doomed to be an English learner all my life.
当然还远远不够，而且我注定永远是个英语学习者。

For me, that has always been such a conflict because I love natural songs.
对我来说，那总是有一点自我矛盾，因为我喜欢自然的歌。

Without geography, our young people are not ready to face the challenges of the increasingly interconnected and competitive world.
当今世界，各国间的联系日益紧密，竞争越来越激烈，如果没有地理知识，美国的年轻人将无法应对各种挑战。

In the midst of this suffocating ambience, National Geographic stubbornly continues its search for a pair of green eyes.
国家地理？就在这种窒息的空气中，固执地寻找一双绿眼睛。

The geographic distribution of lung cancer was dissimilar to that of industrialization.
肺癌的地理分布同工业化的分布不尽相同。

It also carried minute crustaceans, no doubt grateful for a foothold of any kind on this huge sea.
它们也携带少量的甲克类生物，无疑能为大海上的鸟类提供歇脚的地方。

The novel marker genes should be able to screen and identify transformational cells, and be friendly to environment and organisms as well.
新的标记基因不仅要求能够对转基因植物进行筛选和鉴定，而且必须对环境和生物都是安全的。

Scientists are seeing some unusual things as they try to understand the effects on thousands of species of marine life.
科学家在试图了解漏油对数千种海洋生物影响的同时，发现了一些异于寻常的现象。

From the physic point of view, no matter how much the wavelength is , the color it may have.
从物理学的观点来看，不同的波长有多少种，颜色就有多少种。

All reinfusion sessions were well tolerated, and there was no signal of an adverse biochemical or hemodynamic reaction to therapy.
改组所有患者都能耐受，以及没有观察到生物化学或者是血流动力学上对治疗的副反应。

Just last Thursday, my language teacher's powerful voice hoarse, the voice of small lectures, and the next day will be even more serious.
就在上周四，我的语文老师嗓子哑的厉害，讲课声音很小，而且第二天会更严重。

I wish you could be here so we could go on a walk and you could tell me about China as you practise your English.
我希望你在这里，这样我们可以出去走走，你可以在练习英语的时候给我说说有关中国的事情。

The historical geographical environment, is often the essential condition for social material life and social development.
历史地理环境，是社会物质生活和社会发展的经常必要条件。

Ninety per cent of the time, they make the wearer look as if some weird space alien has landed on her head.
十之八九，戴羽毛头饰的人看上去就好像头上顶着什么怪异的外星生物。

Utilization of biotechnology products, l-cysteine and gamma-Cyclodextrin, even those in sales for over a year earlier.
利用生物技术生产的产品，半胱氨酸和γ-环糊精，的销售额也高于上年。

"Physics was one of the first disciplines to really develop a strong electronic presence, " Goetsch said.
“一些学科真正开发出了强大的电子的呈现，物理学是最早的几个学科之一。”Goetsch说。

Her name was now Marie, and she was now an official scientist, studying the properties of magnetism for her doctorate in physics.
她的名字从那时起，改称为玛丽，成了一位攻读博士学位，研究物理学中磁性质的正式的科学家。

As a chemist, he felt that if he could not solve what he calls the "home problem, " then his education would not be very useful.
作为一个化学家，他感到如果他不能解决他口中的家乡问题，那么他受的教育就会成为一纸空谈。

Chloroplasts are plant photosynthesis, place, can effectively will be the light of the sun energy into chemical energy.
叶绿体是植物进行光合作用的场所，能有效将太阳的光能量转化成化学能。

The waste material might have infectivity bacteria, viruses, chemical pollutants and radioactive such harmful substances, for great risk.
废物中可能存有传染性病菌、病毒、化学污染物及放射性等有害物质，具有极大的危险性。

He had the correct idea of trying to explain chemical phenomena in terms of ultimate particles.
他有试图用最终的微粒解释化学现象的正确想法。

In recent years, many masters in author's subject- Language Curriculum and Instruction, came into middle schools and engaged in teaching.
近几年，笔者所在专业——语文课程与教学论专业的很多硕士研究生进入到中学一线教学岗位。

The grammar is one of language essential factors, the grammar knowledge teaching is in the language teaching an essential part.
语法是语言的要素之一，语法知识教学是语文教学中一个不可缺少的部分。

Language learning psychology is the law of language learning is an important component of language learning occupies an important position.
语文学习心理是语文学习规律的一个重要组成部分，在语文学习中占有重要的地位。

Be a language teacher, development student of innovation the potential also became one of the mission of the classroom teaching.
语文教师，开发学生的创新潜能也成了课堂教学的任务。

He learned the new words by rote day in and day out in an effort to improve his English. But it hardly worked.
他天天死记硬背生词试图提高自己的英语，但收效甚微。

With its cool climate, abundant geothermal energy and secure remoteness, Iceland appears to be a prime location for data archives.
凉爽的气候、丰富的地热能源、与世隔绝的地理位置，使得冰岛成为数据存档的好地方。

So to me, it's clear that one of the foundations of that future is going to be the reworking of our biology.
对我来说，很明显未来生活的基础之一将是生物学的再次发展。

And if I didn't tell you what to look for, you'd still see the face, because we're programmed by evolution to see faces.
如果我不告诉你，该看什么，你还是会看见脸孔，因为进化将我们设计成，会看见脸孔的生物。

However, since the stakes are so high, that hasn't stopped teams of enterprising physicists from trying to solve superstring theory.
然而，由于利害关系如此之高，这并没有阻止试图解决超弦理论的物理学家团队进取。

The next activity is to turn this model into a physical model that is constrained by the technology we'll use to realize it.
下一个环节是把这个模型放到一个物理模块中，这个问题受限于我们实现它所使用的技术。

But the point is to highlight that we don't actually have nearly as clear a concept of what a physical property is as we might wish.
重点需要强调的是，物理性质的概念是什么，实际上与我们想象的一样清晰。

In the past, IT administrators have had a tough job of trying to match expected demand to physical resources.
过去，IT管理员的一项艰苦工作就是尝试将预期的要求与物理资源进行匹配。

And use chemistry extinguishes the mosquito means that easy to cause the pregnant woman to produce the defective birth, the miscarriage.
且使用化学灭蚊办法，容易导致孕妇产生畸形胎儿、流产。

The authorities were investigating whether the chemical had been used in the bombing.
当局正在调查其是否将该化学原料应用到炸弹中。

The result seems to be important for us to understand the complexity and reveal the reaction mechanism in coupling chemical reaction system.
这些结果对于解释耦合化学反应系统中的复杂现象、揭示其反应机理具有一定的指导意义。

Black carbon is part of a chemical mix of particulate matter that has long been an air-pollution concern due to its impacts on human health.
炭黑作为化学颗粒混合物的一部分，鉴于其对人类健康造成的影响，长期以来都被当做一种空气污染物而备受关注。

Disadvantages example: one evening, I finished work language and mathematics work, going to watch TV for a while to write English homework.
缺点事例：某天晚上，我写完语文作业和数学作业，打算看一会儿电视再写英语作业。

The shameful scores, especially in Chinese and English, look so bright and conspicuous. Are they also laughing at me?
特别是语文和英语，看到耻辱的分数，很鲜艳，很刺目，是不是它也在嘲笑我呢？

Based on the analysis about it, a mathematical model is built and a hybrid intelligence algorithm for solving it is designed.
在对该问题进行分析的基础上，为之建立了数学模型，提出了一种求解该问题的混合智能算法。

Geographically, Britain is ideally placed, enjoying (or enduring) some of the windiest weather and heaviest seas of any European country.
英国地理位置优越，与其它欧洲国家相比，它享受着（或承受着）最风多的天气以及最大海浪的大海。

An English girl, of course, would be able to learn just a little more about, let us say, geography.
英国姑娘，当然啦，可能还会再学到一点点——比方说——地理。

The unusual, primitive quality of the various creatures gave Darwin a clue to the theory that changes take place in living forms.
各种各样的生物所具有的异乎寻常的原始特性，给达尔文的变化产生在生存方式中这个理论提供了线索。

And in 2005, researchers stepped up to help defend against one of the world's most urgent biomedical threats: avian influenza.
2005年，研究者开始帮助防范一种全球范围内最紧急的生物医学威胁：禽流感。

Economists were trying to lead the economy as if their predictions were as accurate as those of physicists.
经济学家们总在试图引导经济，就好像他们的预测能同物理学家们的预测一样精确似的。

And presents the certification authority(CA)system model and system architecture, then presents the question of the Grid CA system.
并给出了CA认证在高能物理网格中的工作模型和体系结构，讨论了其优点和尚存在的问题。

This is an attempt to describe or depict the phenomenon in terms of a logical physical or mathematical representation.
这是一个试图说明或描述的现象在一个合理的物理或数学的代表性。

Functional languagestreatprocedures like mathematical functions and allow them to be processed like any other data in a program.
函数式语言像对待数学函数一样对待过程，并允许像处理程序中的任何其他数据一样处理它们。

Preferably, each of the geographic shapes overlaps at least one other of the geographic shapes and is assigned an importance level.
优选地，每个地理形状重叠至少一个另外的地理形状，并被分配以重要级。

The perfect storm of social media, smart phones and location awareness is only beginning to take full effect.
社会媒体、智能手机和基于地理位置服务融合的完美风暴才刚刚开始全面生效。

In this book, the author describes the mathematical concept of the inflection point and applies it to business strategy.
在这本书里，作者描述了拐点的数学概念，并将其用于商业策略。

Herein could lie the reason how the mathematical concept of zero got a philosophical connotation of reverence.
这里可以展开为何数学上“零”的概念得到哲学上含蓄的崇敬的理由。

Maybe the fact that he stayed up all night doing mathematics was the fact that he was such a bad shot that morning and got killed.
也许他彻夜研究数学是他那天早晨受到枪击且被杀的真正原因。

Then Mrs. Malave , a bilingual educator, began to work with him while teaching him math and science in his 49 Spanish.
然后夫人Malave，双语教育，开始与他合作，而教他数学和科学在他49西班牙语。

The physical and mathematical models of the bottom hole fluids with the heat transfer are established, analyzed, and rectified.
结合理论研究方法和热力学计算，建立了井下流体热交换的物理和数学模型，并对模型进行了分析、矫正和求解。

And Tsinghua University also appeared a " mathematical" love letter ", known as the only high school or above level" .
而清华大学也冒出了一封“数学式”情书，号称“只有高中或高中以上水平才能看懂”。

In the case of the maths scores of fourth-graders, there was a consistently negative relationship between computer use and test scores.
从四年级学生的数学成绩来看，使用电脑和考试成绩的关系一直成反比。

In other words, there was no single "natural" rate: policymakers could in principle try for the equilibrium they most favoured.
换句话说，并不存在单一的“自然”失业率，决策者在原则上尽可以定一个他们最喜欢的均衡数字。

As in other great novelists " novels, symbolism in A Farewell to Arms tends to be taken from nature and religion. "
《永别了，武器》中的象征同其他伟大作家的小说一样趋向取材于自然和宗教。

He's teaching the children that these creatures may be funny-looking creepy-crawlies, but they still have a place in the environment.
他想要传达给这些学生的是，这些生物也许看起来怪里怪气，非常滑稽，但是他们在大自然中也佔有一席之地。

Adelman has encouraged them to run the offense, and if the ball swings one way, then the other and if it ends up in Yao's hands, so be it.
阿德尔曼已经鼓励他们控制进攻，只要球能传起来，只要最后传到姚明手里，顺其自然。

I'm going to try to give you a little bit of a natural history of compassion and the golden rule.
我将试图告诉你一点同情心和黄金法则的自然历史。

It is natural to it to be happy. It seems as though its respiration were made of hope.
她觉得幸福是件很自然的事，好象她的呼吸就是希望。

Nature of every small detail, a leaf, a drop of rain, a piece of crystal, a moment, and the nature connected to her perfect form.
自然界中每一位小细节、一片树叶、一滴雨水、一块水晶、一个瞬间，莫不是和整个大自然相连，共同组成她的完美。

The earthquake and daily sees the wind and rain, the thunder and lightning are the same, is one kind of more universal natural phenomenon.
地震和日常所见的风雨、雷电一样，是一种较为普遍的自然现象。

However, as with most natural phenomena, the usually co-occurring features do not always all appear together.
但在许多自然语言现象中，经常一起发生的特征往往不共同出现，所以不能被马上辨认出来。

Mother Nature may be the cause of their misery, but a woeful lack of government planning seems to have exacerbated it.
大自然也许是让他们遭遇不幸的起因，但是政府不堪一击的防灾计划则让局面更加恶化。

School, Chinese teacher often asked for the narrative thread of the text, or open, or hidden, or bright dark line coexist extension.
上学时，语文老师常常要求寻找叙事文章的主线，或明线，或暗线，或者明线暗线并存延展。

Develop and utilize course resource to strengthen student Chinese study interest, promote student strong power , Chinese of accomplishment.
开发和利用课程资源是增强学生语文学习兴趣、提升学生语文素养的强大动力。

However, there still exists some contradictions between the theoretical ideas and the practical implement.
当然，苏教版国标本小学语文教材在编写理念和实际操作之间还存在一些矛盾；

Aggie also thanked Professor Tony Hung, Head of Language Centre, for his guidance and care during the visit.
伍同学并感谢语文中心主任洪同年教授的耐心指导和于比赛期间的悉心照料。

Routers connect two or more logical subnets, which do not necessarily map one-to-one to the physical interfaces of the router.
路由器连接两个或多个逻辑子网，不一定地图一对一的物理接口的路由器。

For there creatures to become oil, it was necessary that they should be imprisoned between layers of rock for an enormous length of time.
这些生物要变成石油，必须被密封在岩石之中很长时间。

In fact, none of the crops here have been treated with pesticides, herbicides or chemical input of any sort.
事实上，农场里的作物都没有打过杀虫剂、除草剂等任何类型的化学农药。

It is the inevitable choice to apply Chinese nation excellent traditional culture, Confucianism culture to carry on the education.
在大学语文教学中，用中华民族优秀的传统文化———儒家文化，对学生进行人文素质教育是我们必然的选择。

Nobody would take the place of him in the field of Physics.
在物理学这一领域里，无人能替代他

In 2010 astrophysicists found a pair of, well, blobs hovering above and below the plane of our Milky Way galaxy.
2010年，天体物理学家们发现了一对儿东东，正悬浮在我们银河系盘面的两端。

Conversely, if the purchase of the rights to own public key quantifiable terms, that he has no reason not to pay management fees physics?
反过来，如果购房者对自己拥有公共部位的权益可以量化计算，那他有什么理由不缴纳物理管理费呢？

Their refugees' stories had to be translated from Arabic to French to English, which took a great deal of time.
那些难民的故事需要从阿拉伯语翻译成法语然后再翻译成英语，这要花费一大部分时间。

One of first things biologists noticed was that genes reside in different parts of the nucleus depending on their activity.
生物学家首先注意到的是，基因根据其活动的程度，在细胞核的位置也不同。

At the end of the nineteenth century, we see the appearance of what might be called a State racism, of a biological and centralized racism.
在二十世纪末，我们看到一种所谓的国家种族主义，这是一种以生物为标准与以集权为目的的种族主义。

Some typical methods for theoretical and experimental studies as well as the concept of fluctuation chemistry are briefly introduced.
介绍一些典型的理论方法和实验手段以及涨落化学的概念；

The result was achieved though a special protein limited diet, which had a great effect on the chemistry of the brain.
该种结果是通过给老鼠喂食一种特殊的限定蛋白质含量的食物而达成的，这种食物对于脑化学有着巨大的影响。

Nitric oxide(NO) is one of the ten smallest chemical molecules found so far in nature and is a small highly diffusible bioactive molecule.
一氧化氮（NO）是迄今发现的自然界中十个最小的化学分子之一，是一种易扩散的生物活性分子。

Set up a language efficiently classroom, first should reason the content of the self-contained effect classroom.
构建语文高效课堂，首先应理清高效课堂的内涵。

Chinese teacher should first establish clear curriculum resource consciousness to develop curriculum resources.
语文教师开发课程资源首先要树立明确的课程资源意识。

Advanced occupation Chinese has undertook the responsibility of training student's aesthetic judgment and synthetically quality.
高职语文对于培养学生的审美能力、综合素质担负着重要职责。

He said that photography has made the geographical distance between the two countries closer.
影像，拉近了中马两国人民的地理距离。

Firstly, the general mathematical model with its superposition solution was constructed based on the common characteristics of this system.
基于这个系统的共同特征，构造了这类“非常规”的通用数学模型及其迭加解法。

The physical test environment shown in Figure 3 has been used to test the Call Forwarding sample.
图3显示的物理测试环境，用于测试CallForwarding示例。

As you know, many English words do not sound the way you think they will!
如你们所知道的，很多英语单词并不像它们看起来那样的发音。

Have you learned English? How much do you know?
你有学过英语吗？你懂多少？

Like any other anamorphosis of language, the black people English is a symbol of an ethnical group and its social culture.
黑人英语与其他变体一样是一个民族身份的象征，是一个民族社会文化的象征。

That might have been a bit ahead of its time -- "globalism" didn't even enter the Oxford English Dictionary until 1986.
这样的情节在当时或许太超前了，“全球主义”这个词直到1986年才被收入牛津英语词典。

It then floats to the surface of the pond, allowing it to be skimmed off like cream and turned into biodiesel.
然后，油便漂浮在池塘表面，很容易的便可以像油脂一样被刮起来，转变为生物柴油。

( Harmless ) : The power is usually beneficial , not harmful , but a targeted creature can attempt a saving throw if it wishes .
（无害）：该异能通常是有益的，或是无害的，不过如果目标生物愿意的话，他还是可以进行豁免检定。

Chemical companies have finally secured insurance to help them pay the costs of cleaning up the long-term damage they do to the environment.
化学公司最终获得了保险费，用以帮助它们支付清除对环境造成的长期损害所需的费用。

The enjoyment of a great meal, for instance, is not just a function of chemicals in the food interacting with taste buds.
就拿一顿美餐来说，它带来的享受，不只是食物中的化学成分发挥作用、与味蕾互动而产生的。

In the language thesis teaching process, the social practice occupies similarly may not the flaw status.
在语文作文教学过程中，社会实践同样占据着不可缺失的地位。

Newly Established universities should melt humanity quality education in university Chinese teaching, and Implement it from the foundation.
新建本科院校应该将人文素质教育与“大学语文”教学融合起来，从基本做起，提高大学生人文素质。

But the expressing form of graphics in GIS software is still not very intuitionistic, the presentation content is still not very rich.
但地理信息系统软件中图形的表现形式仍不太直观，表现内容也不够丰富。

Just how music impacts the body during exercise, however, is only slowly being teased out by scientists.
至于在运动中，音乐到底如何影响了我们的身体，科学家正慢慢地理清头绪。

He thought over the math problems hard. And finally he worked it out.
他苦苦思考这道数学题，最后他终于算了出来。

You ponder the state of life you are fantasizing as if you were physically real instead of a thought.
你沉思想象的生命状态，好像你的物理层面真的代替了思考。

To see such effects, physicists first have to suck out every possible quantum and leave a beam in its least-energetic "ground state. "
为了目睹这种效应，物理学家首先需要吸出每一个可能的量子，让光束处于能量最小的“基态”。

Chapter Three describes the RP sound system in comparison with that of Yixing Dialect.
第三章、分析英语语音体系并将其与宜兴方言进行对比研究。

We take it for granted that the most popular language on the Internet is English, since, after all, the Internet was an American creation.
爱思英语编者按：我们一贯认为，互联网上最常使用的语言应该是英语，想想好像是，毕竟互联网是美国人发明的。

It 's very nice of you to help me with my English.
你帮我学英语，你真好。

Brian: She said that my English was just not good enough for her.
布莱恩：她说对她来说我的英语就是不够好。

Bringing extinct species back to life is no longer considered science fiction. But is it a good idea?
复活灭绝的生物已不再是科幻小说，但问题是，这想法本身是个好主意吗。

The beetle felt compassion for the hare and pleaded with the eagle not to kill the poor creature. In the name of mighty Jupiter.
甲虫非常同情他并真心的祈求老鹰不要杀了那个可怜的生物，以伟大的木星的名义。

The company soon realized she had an unusual knack for identifying extremely low levels of troublesome chemicals.
该公司很快就意识到，在识别极低水平的不良化学成份方面，她拥有不寻常的能力。

Two or more connected cells that produce a direct current by converting chemical energy to electrical energy .
两个或更多的相联电池组，它能把化学能转变化电能并产生直流电。

Artificial mutagenesis (by X-rays or chemicals) has been used to generate new characteristics, together with tissue culture techniques.
利用人工诱变（利用X射线和化学物质诱变）结合组织培养技术来获得新的性状。

The company's location is superior, two hours away from Qingdao airport, three hours away from Qingdao port, convenient transportation.
公司地理位置优越，距青岛机场两小时，离青岛港口三小时，交通便利。

There has to be understanding that we might not be able to get everywhere immediately, due to our nation's geography.
大家必须谅解的是：由于我国的地理环境，我们可能不会立即抵达每一个地点。

As such, nature shall be prepared to clean up its own environment for the ascent ahead, with or without human aid.
这样，不管有没有人类帮助，大自然都将为前方的提升准备好净化自身环境。

Now, I said that mathematicians thought that this was impossible.
好的，我说过数学家们曾认为这是不可能的。

Mathematical models of gene-culture interaction suggest that this form of natural selection can be particularly rapid.
基因和文化互动的数学模型表面这种形式的自然选择可能特别的频繁。

indeed the account of how mathematicians stumbled , groped their way through obscurities should give heart to any tyro in research.
实在说，叙述数学家如何跌跤，如何在迷雾中摸索前进，应能使搞研究工作的任何新手鼓起勇气。

Which one of us that knows something about physics does not know this?
我们当中懂得一些物理的人有谁不知道这个呢？

I did not learn English, grammar problems, you do not know if you understand!
我没有学好英语，语法的问题，你不知道你是否明白！

The dramatic turnaround was the result of implementing a voice biometrics system that identifies the voice of the person phoning in .
这种巨大的转变是配备语音生物测定系统的结果，该系统能识别打电话者的声音。

With the sub's lights switched off, it is possible to see their bioluminescence -- the light produced when they collide with the mesh.
随着潜艇的灯光关闭，我们就有可能看到那些生物发光体--当它们撞网的时候光被激发出来。

So if you increase the pressure, the chemical system says, hey, you know I'm not so happy that you're increasing the pressure on me.
所以如果提高压强，化学系统说，嘿你知道我不喜欢，你提高我的压强。

But five days after the article in the bulletin of the Geographical Society appeared, the demand began to subside: "Phileas Fogg" declined.
但就在地理学会的文章发表五天后，“福格股票”的需求开始下降了，“福格股票”开始下跌了。

She talks to her sisters about their personal lives; with her brothers she discusses history, geography and books.
她和她的姐妹谈及多是个人的生活，而和兄弟们谈论的是历史、地理、书籍。

Implanted into the body, bioactive glass forms a mineral matrix on its surface equivalent to that of natural bone, hydroxyapatite .
当植入人体后，生物活性玻璃能在其表面形成与自然骨成分相近的羟基磷灰石。

Wind through the bamboo forest, the sound of bamboo leaves rustle, as if it is natural Xiaosheng.
风穿过竹林，竹叶窸窣作响，仿佛是自然的萧声。

However, he expects the flow of tourist will increase, and hopes that this does not destroy theses islands.
无论如何，他期望观光客的数量能够随之增加，也希望这样的改变不会破坏岛屿原本的自然环境。

In nature, there is usually a somewhat fixed relationship between the sugar and acid contents of a fruit species.
在自然界，水果中的糖和酸的含量具有固定关系。

Note, too, that this imbalance has political implications which, as the math textbooks put it, I'll leave for the interested student.
你应该认识到，这种差异有其政治内涵，正如数学脚本所说的那样，我会把它留给有兴趣的学生。

The complementarity problem is one of the hot subjects in optimization. It has a wide range of applications in engineering and economics.
互补问题是数学规划中的热点课题之一，在工程和经济等领域有很多的应用。

"Countries with greater gender equity are also the ones where the ratio of girls to boys doing well in math is close to equal, " she said.
Mertz在接受电话采访时表示：“性别较为平等的国家，男女在数学上的表现也较为相近。”

No matter how magical virtualization technology might seem, when you run out of a physical resource, your performance is going to suffer.
无论虚拟化技术可能看起来有多么的神奇，当您的物理资源不足时，性能将会受到影响。

If one does not know how to modify DNA as a biological set of knowledge, one can only ascend so far.
如果一个人并不知道作为一系列生物知识如何来调整DNA，他将只能提升到这么远。

The artist coats her models with paint, obscuring the body while intimately exposing it, creating raw account of the person.
艺术家用绘画覆盖她的模特，模糊化其躯体并将其直接地展示，描绘出人的自然状态。

It's easy to talk about relationships when everything is going great, but what do you do when things are headed in the wrong direction?
当你事事顺心的时候，谈论关系自然很容易，但如果事情朝错误的方向发展呢，你会怎么做？

They teased him as a "red. " They were far ahead of him in subjects like mathematics.
同学们取笑他是“赤色分子”，同学们类如数学的各科成绩远比他要优异。

But how much do its mechanical constructions, with their roots in Newtonian physics, tell us about the springs of human behaviour?
但建立在牛顿物理学基础之上的机械构造，能够告诉我们多少有关人类行为动机的事情？

It is totally natural to die or to be killed, rather than to just live without a certain purpose.
死亡或被杀都是很自然的事情总比没有明确目标的残活着好。

Lily: Cola coming up. I really appreciate you coming over to help her with her math.
莉莉：可乐马上就来。我真的很感谢你过来帮我妹妹补习数学。

It is part of a natural meteorological cycle that happens roughly every 3-7 years and affects weather worldwide for a year or more.
厄尔尼诺现象是自然气象周期的一部分，大约每三至七年发生一次，对世界气候产生一年或更长时间的影响。

The president will naturally have something of a spring in his step for the next few weeks. But even so, the victory may be fleeting.
在今后几个星期内总统自然是步伐轻松的，尽管胜利可能不会持久。

Regardless of language, mathematics, English, teachers will learn to teach their children much more seriously serious.
不管语文、数学、英语，老师教得多认真孩子就会学得多认真。

On language education, film and television drama for the specific groups of young people the impact of language learning is immeasurable.
就语文教育而言，影视戏剧对于青少年这一特定群体语文学习的影响是不可估量的。

Primary school language teaching of reading; Teaching Ideas; Three-dimensional integrated; Teaching Quality.
小学语文阅读教学；教学观念；三维一体；教学质量。

Moreover, Chinese is an elementary tool and has a very close relationship with thinking .
此外，语文学科的基础工具性与思维的关系也极为密切。

And I'm interested in Chinese. Chinese is too easy for me. Oh, this's my family.
至于我，我数学很好，对语文刚兴趣，语文对我来说只是轻而易举的事。

The main subjects ! studied at school included Chinese, Maths, English, Physics, Chemistry and Computer.
我所学的主要学科有语文、数学、英语、物理、化学和计算机。

Maybe you know me, I am good at Chinese and Math, and especially English.
也许你认识我，我很擅长语文、数学，尤其是英语。

However, in the nowaday Chinese class , the interactive teaching becomes formalised, externalized and concentrated, etc.
但是，在现今的语文课堂中，互动教学出现了形式化、客观化、垄断化的互动等等。

The understanding of this issue has an important bearing on the direction and future prospect of Chinese teaching.
对这一问题的认识，关系到语文教学的方向和前景。

Chapter III focuses on the problems and countermeasures in special class during the cooperative learning in the classroom.
第三章主要论述了特殊班级在开展语文课堂合作学习中出现的问题及对策。

Not until then did I really realise how much you devote to me on my English.
直到那个时候我才知道你为我的英语学习做出怎样的贡献。

In her with the help of you and the students learning English have achieved great progress.
在她与你们的帮助和学生的学习英语已取得重大进展

Can you think of some more silly questions to ask? Maybe some other children will be able to answer them for you!
你可想到另外一些有趣的问题吗？尽量以英语留言告诉我们，可能其他小朋友可以解答它们。

We never knew if he meant what he said or if he was just practicing English.
我们始终也没弄明白，他是真正说他的心里话呢，还是只不过在练习说英语。

If he had to wait for a Chinese or Turkish or an English interpreter to turn up he might be dead before being understood.
如果他要等待中国或土耳其或英语翻译露面，他可能会被理解前已死亡。

He said the truck was parked at a stand near a market where there are a chemical store.
他说，卡车是停在靠近一家化学品商店的站点上的。

It has become our language of intimacy, a different sort of English that relates to family talk, the language I grew up with.
这已经成了我们的私人语言，一种只和家人交谈时使用的特殊英语，一种伴随我成长的语言。

Foreign enterprises or large enterprises for more than a year of work experience, English can be a simple exchange.
有外企或大型企业一年以上工作经历，英语能简单交流。

The child of a meth cook fell into a bucket of chemicals and was severely burned.
有一次，一个吸毒者的小孩儿掉进了盛化学品的桶里，严重烧伤。

Ah, well, mine would have to be to speak in an English accent, for an entire week, and to practice my Spanish, 'cause my grandma told me to.
啊，就是，我的计划是在一整周内说一口地道的英语，并且练习西班牙语，我的外祖母告诉我要这么做。

You know, my English is not so good for me to be a diplomat, but it is pretty good.
你知道的，我的英语水平虽然做不了外交官但还不错。

Gershenfeld is always difficult for non-physicists to understand, and his video of cells sorting was no exception.
对于不以物理为专业的人来说，Gershenfeld的观点是难以理解的，他那细胞分拣的录像片也不例外。

Anyone who possesses the rod and is able to turn or rebuke undead gains four more uses of the ability per day.
持握此杖之人，如拥有驱散或斥喝不死生物的能力，其每日可多得四次使用次数。

It has been one of the fastest developing and the most widely used methods in analytical chemistry due to its powerful separation capacity.
其超强的分离能力使之已成为分析化学中发展最快、应用最广的研究领域之一。

Companies are trying to make drugs that consist of short sequences of double-stranded RNA, the chemical cousin of the DNA in genes.
制药公司试图研制由短的双链RNA组成的药物，相当于DNA基因的化学表亲。

Propanediol methyl ether, a fine chemical of wide use with low toxicity, has been one of the focus of researches.
丙二醇甲醚是一种低毒性、用途广泛的精细化学品。

I don't tell you. But I know I can't write so perfect English sentences, even Chinese. I try to understand every sentences and remember it.
不告诉你，但是我知道我写不出这么精美的英语句子，甚至连中文都写不出。

Army is even looking at partially powering some vehicles by channeling the physical impact of a bullet into a small electrical current.
美国陆军甚至考虑将子弹的物理冲击转化成微弱的电流，为车辆提供部分的能量。

Without some really good software for the bottom screen, it would just be a more frustrating replacement for physical keys and trackpads.
缺少底部屏幕的真正优秀的软件支持，它只能成为物理键盘和轨迹板的怪异替代品。

For its high sensitivity, accuracy, high speed and easy to be automated, bio mass spectrometry develops very fast.
生物质谱因其高灵敏度、高准确度、快速、易于自动化等特点，在生命科学领域的应用和研究日益广泛。

Lovelock says, "The Gaia theory is a bit stronger than coevolution, " at least as biologists use the word.
洛夫洛克说：“盖亚理论与共同进化论相比稍显强势，”至少在生物学家采用这个词的时候。

He might be male, he might be human, or at least humanesque, but he would never be a manly.
他可能会成为一个男性，一个人类，至少也是人型生物，却永远不会成为男子汉。

He said, "The Count de Buffon believes that nature belittles her productions on this side of the Atlantic. "
他说道：“蒲丰坚信大自然轻视她在大西洋此岸所创造的奇观。”

Three. Bio, Chem and Pharm. What's your Bio final like, John? I got to take a paper exam and give one paper report.
我有三门。生物，化学和药剂。约翰，你的生物期末是什么样子的？我有一个当堂笔试还有篇报告。

An inquiry is under way, but state media said the leaked chemical was phosgene, used to make pesticides, painkillers and antibiotics.
事故原因正在调查中，官方透露泄漏化学物品为三光气，主要用于杀虫剂、止痛药及抗生素的制造。

She was trained as a mathematician, and she thrived on adrenaline, riding motorbikes in her spare time.
她被培养成了一位数学家，业余时间她喜欢竞技运动和骑摩托车。

Nobody knows if it is possible to cut an electron or quark but particle physicists keep trying.
没有人知道分解电子和夸克是否可能，但粒子物理学家们一直在尝试着。

Influenced by an excessive-school chemistry and resourcelogy tehurtr. he took up the study of medicine.
在一位中学生物教员的影响下。他处置医学研讨。

Inner sunshine warms not only the heart of the owner, but of all that come in contact with it.
内心的温暖的阳光并不是所有者的心情，而是与之联系的所有生物。

Install an electronic drawbridge designed to lower only after it has performed a biometric scan and made a full set of DNA comparisons.
安装一座电子吊桥，只在完成生物测量扫描和全套DNA比对之后才会放下。

When it comes to living things, however, the same logic is often abandoned. A designer is considered unnecessary.
当这样的事情发生在生物体的身上的时候，然而，同样的逻辑却经常被拒绝——一位设计者被认为是不需要的了。

"Nature abhors a vacuum, so the chamber itself, because it is empty, it tends to be filled in by the body, " he said.
他接着说，人体本性排斥真空组织，因囊腔本身是空的，所以它自然会被人体填充。

Chemistry Classroom Teaching Evaluation has always been a hot topic in education researches.
化学课堂教学评价一直以来都是教育教学研究的热点话题。

Chemtrail fog no longer clouds the view, as just as the Sun can shine through clouds or fog, so can this orb.
人为喷撒的化学制剂烟雾不能再模糊视线了，因为就像太阳一样能够照射透过云层和雾气，这个球状物也也能做到。

"Small paintbrush, big world" , the painting has in the primary school language the teaching the function of importance.
“小画笔，大世界”，绘画在小学语文教学中起着重要的作用。

A mathematical process of selecting an optimum strategy in the face of an opponent who has a strategy of his own.
一种数学方法，研究选择最佳的策略去对付具有自己策略的对手。

My mother is a math teacher, but she intended to be a chemistry teacher, because math is not really her strong point.
我妈妈是数学老师，但是她想做化学老师，因为她不擅长数学。我是一个中学生，我想做生物学家，因为我对生物很有兴趣。

This fact is often expressed in the physics jargon as "energy levels repel each other. "
用物理术语来说，这一事实常称为“能级的相斥”。

The next step, Specter says, is trying to take these cells and turn them into muscle tissue, using biodegradable scaffolding platforms.
斯佩克特说，下一个步是使用由生物可降解支架材料搭成的平台，引导这些细胞发展成为肌肉组织。

It has only been a few weeks since Hurricane Katrina, one of the greatest natural disasters to hit the US mainland, hit the Gulf Coast.
自飓风卡特里娜以来仅有几周的时候，这是其中一个最大的自然灾害，袭击了美国大陆，袭击了海岸。

The ordinary laws of chemistry permit a scientist to make calculations of their reactions as if the planet were a large flask of matter.
懂得了化学反应的一般规则，科学家就可以将星球当作一个大烧瓶里的物质来对它们的复杂反应作计算。

Simultaneously we also make up with the inadequate paraphrase of simultaneously Chinese reference book.
同时对现在较权威的语文工具书的训释作了一些商兑。

In addition, this paper also to the junior middle school Chinese homework design case of effectiveness analysis.
此外，论文还对初中语文作业设计案例进行了分析。

We do not know how to close the gap in reading, science and math between Anglo and Asian students and black and Hispanic students.
我们不知道如何缩小英美和亚洲学生，黑人和拉美裔学生在阅读，科学和数学方面的差距。

The idea of this error analysis method can be used for the similar systems with complicated mathematical models.
该分析方法能够为具有复杂数学模型的同类系统的设计提供一定的参考。

President Obama's administration is set to be rocked by scandal - at least, according to one political scientist's mathematical formula.
奥巴马政府即将爆发丑闻，至少一位政治学者的数学公式是这么推断的。

The online work economy reflects how the physical location of any person or object has less meaning that it ever has .
在线工作行业反映了任何人或事物的物理位置的意义如何比以前小。

As you can see, the design of the XO laptop is revolutionary from its physical design to its user interface.
如您所见，XO膝上型电脑的设计从物理设计到用户界面都具有开创性。

And when it comes to fathering healthy children, older men, it turns out, are just as much at the mercy of their biological clocks as women.
在孕育孩子方面，年岁较长的男性和女性一样，也受生物钟的影响，而且受影响的程度和女性相当。

The colour nature of the furniture that be not a flower presents showily temperament, match very easily with indoor color photograph.
非花家具的色彩自然呈现华贵气质，很轻易与室内色彩相搭配。

Since the new curriculum began, primary school's Chinese teaching has been full of vigor.
新课程实施几年来，给备受争议的小学语文教学注入了生机与活力。

How raise high school Chinese teaching quality of lesson become basic education Chinese course important topic of reform already .
如何提高高中语文课的教学质量已成为基础教育语文课程改革的重要话题。

The early years of Plato's Academy in Athens, educated, learned of the Greek classical mathematical science and culture.
早年在雅典的柏拉图学院受过教育，饱学了希腊古典数学各种科学文化。

mr. yu has been teaching maths and science for 24 years, i was one of his student, he forgot about me though . . .
于老师叫数学和科学有24年了，尽管他忘了我，我是他的学生之一。

The purpose of this course is to let students possess the ability of the dynamic modeling and simulation for electric machinery.
本课程教学目标是使学生具备电机机械模型化与模拟能力具备解决电机工程问题之数学基础与能力。

This paper points out that, in different environment conditions, cloud-physics for the evolution of the microburst may be very different.
在不同的环境条件下，下沉气流发展的云物理过程可以有较大的差异。

Jordan, whose talent for handling dull clients was equalled only by his acute sense of self-importance, would feel slighted.
乔登与无聊的客户打交道的本领，和他自负的本质可以相提并论，他自然会觉得受到了轻视。

Teaching of the Chinese language plays a more important role in undertaking training and developing students'oral expression ability.
语文学科在培养和训练学生的口头表达能力方面，则担负着更为重要的任务。

Promoting the teaching and counseling activities for the tests of Chinese comprehensive ability.
华语文能力检测之教学与辅导之推动。

with the welling up of chinese education web sites , the practices of chinese inquiry learning are flourishing in littoral areas.
最近两三年，随着语文类教育网站的大量涌现，基于网络环境的语文研究性学习的探索实践活动在沿海地区蓬勃发展。

In 1989, the new national curriculum came out with three major subjects: English, Maths and Science.
直到1989年，新的国家课程标准出台，规定了三门主课：英语、数学和科学。

As one of the four questions left by the theory of relativity by Einstein, the theory of unified field is still unsolved.
统一场理论，它是目前许多国家理论物理界所研究的尚未解决的问题，它是爱因斯坦相对论中所遗留下来的四个问题之一。

The concept of material to me is quite simple, not so abstract, just to realize things with senses or physical method.
物质对我来讲很简单，没有那么抽象，就是可以用感官或者物理方法去认识的事物。

If you think about it, even our celebration of "natural beauty" is often far from natural.
如果你想想看，通常我们明星的“自然美”甚至离自然十万八千里远。

The implementation of national language education in ethnic areas is the characteristics of national education.
在少数民族中进行民族语文教育，是民族教育的特征所在。

The fourth part: A case study of high school Chinese teacher's ET capacity development.
第四章：高中语文教师教育技术能力发展的个案研究。

Only when he faced nature and Chinese classical culture did he feel that it was more practical.
只有当他面对自然，面对中国古典文化的时候，才觉得更加踏实。

I feel as if I'm in direct contact with nature.
我觉得就像与大自然直接接触。

Maybe burnout is the natural result of doing something, of actually living.
或许这只是实际生活中事情进展的自然结果。

This feeling of merging with nature allowed me to lighten my mind and to free my heart as if I was going for a dream date.
那种融入自然的感觉，让我体验到思维的轻松和心灵的自由，仿佛去赴一个梦想中的约会。

He and a colleague were to spend two years there teaching English at a teacher training college.
他和一位同事要在一所教师培训学院教两年英语。

Thang points out that poor English skills make it harder for Southeast Asian immigrants to leave town and transition into other jobs.
唐卡指出，贫困英语能力，使得它更难东南亚移民到其他工作离开镇和过渡。

As you know, many English words do niot sound the way you think they will!
正如你知道的，许多英语单词并不像你认为的那样发音。

Male or female who has at least 5 years running an operation with workers. Able to read and write english be an advantage.
男女不限，至少有5年管理工人操作的经验，英语能读写者优先；

Remember that the word 'ass' in spoken English also means a fool and is a very mildly impolite word for the human rump.
请记住，ass在英语口语中除了“驴”外还有“傻瓜”的意思，也是对“臀部”的一种虽很委婉但仍不太礼貌的说法。

So take heart. Have no fear about learning new expressions. Besides, popular English words can be fun. There is no need for a heavy heart.
那就拿出勇气来，无所担忧的学习新短语，而且流行英语词汇很有趣，（学的时候）没必要心情沉重。

Some of the fiercest competition between them is for talent. Most English-speaking professionals have to be imported.
目前他们之间最激烈的竞争是人才的竞争，很多专家亟待从英语国家引进。

The requirement upon listening skill has always been a crucial part of English acquisition.
听力技能的要求一直是英语习得的重要一环。

English is an international study of accounting professionals must have the quality of a wide range of social needs and development.
学好会计英语是国际化人才的必备素质，具有广泛的社会需求和发展空间。

We do not know what the next year will bring, but I suspect it will not include much evidence of English's decline.
我们无法预知明年会发生什么，但我猜想，应该不会出现太多表明英语日渐没落的证据。

Never deploy any chemical or detergent to clean up the navigator to prevent erosion of the surface and paintwork.
不要用化学试剂或清洁试剂清洁导航仪，这样会损伤机器表面和腐蚀喷漆。

The toxin blocks the ability of acetylcholine, one of the body's chemical neurotransmitters, to control muscle contraction.
这些毒素能阻塞乙酰胆碱（身体内的一种化学神经递质，能够控制肌肉反馈）的活动。

By spraying it on their crops, the broadcaster said, the farmers hoped it would double their yield and help them earn more money.
中央电视台的报道说，瓜农本希望喷射了这种化学品后，西瓜产量会增加一倍，帮助他们实现增收目的。

The amount of chemicals absorbed is thought to be so minute that they would be difficult to discern through testing.
被吸收的化学物质被认为是很少量，难以通过检测识别。

pesticide toxicology and environmental chemistry information for the general public - fully searchable and selectively retrievable .
提供杀虫剂毒性与环境化学方面的资讯查询。

Dow Chemical Co. also confirmed it had a two-week phenol shutdown at its plant in Oyster Creek, Texas, earlier this year.
道化学公司也证实说，今年初，他们在德克萨斯的工厂也有过两周的碳酸断供。

Synthesis and nature of HEC and its application to chemical building materials industry are overall described.
较全面地介绍HEC的合成、性质及其在化学建材工业中的应用…

Physical vibration of oil production technology has no harm, simple process, wide application scope and low cost, and many other advantages.
物理震动采油技术具有对油层无伤害，工艺简单，适用范围广和成本低廉等诸多优点。

In general, the bands are not visualized directly but are usually treated with a chemical probe so some of the bands may be clearly seen.
通常说，这些片段带不能直接看到，通常用化学探针可能会看地清楚。

We thought that there was a great opportunity for structural biology which could drive much of the biochemical and mechanistic studies.
因此我们就认为对结构生物学来说这也是一个伟大的机会，因为结构生物学往往可以推动很多生物化学及其机制的研究。

If you seek emergency assistance, bring the chemical container or a complete description of the substance with you for identification.
如果你求助于医疗急救，同时带上装有化学物品的容器，或者关于该物质的详细描述，以便确认是何种物质烧伤。

The only possibility of a counterargument, Cline said, is if the venerable, time-tested standard model of particle physics is proven wrong.
大卫·克莱因说，反驳论点的唯一可能性，只能在于那珍贵的、经过时间考验的粒子物理学的标准模型被证明是否还存在着某种错误。

This approach forces you to make a synchronization between the logical and physical data models, but this article covers that later.
这种方法迫使您在逻辑与物理数据模型之间进行同步，本文后面会讲到。

"Until now, this has been a hypothesis, " France's National Centre for Scientific Research (CNRS) said proudly in a press release.
“直至今日，这仍然是个假说，”法国国家物理研究中心在新闻吹风会上骄傲地宣称。

Actually, Nuclear physicists these days, think it may, at least, be possible to turn gold into lead.
实际上，当代的原子核物理学家们认为，至少，金能被转变成铅。

But the distinct difference of electron density did not transform into the difference of dose distribution at radiotherapy.
但是放射治疗时，这种差异并没有转化为物理或生物剂量分布的差异。

With a few clicks you are able to get the Physical Data Model of a DB2 and the DDL scripts to create the tables.
通过一些简单的点击操作，您就能够得到DB2的物理数据模型以及DDL脚本来创建数据表。

As the physicist Richard Feynman famously said: The first principle is you must not fool yourself, and you are the easiest person to fool.
物理学家理查德·费曼曾说过：“不要欺骗自己，没有比你自己更容易欺骗的人了。”

It has special physical and mechanical properties due to its composition, structure and sedimentary environment.
特殊的发育环境、物质组成和结构导致了珊瑚砂具有独特的物理力学性质。

Virtual memory allows multiple processes to share physical memory without being able to corrupt one another's data.
虚拟内存允许多个进程共享物理内存，而且不会破坏彼此的数据。

